chore: update stale miden-base references to protocol (#2503)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-base: docs/src/note.md

## Standard Note Types

> The protocol repository provides several standard note scripts that implement common use cases for asset transfers and interactions. These pre-built note types offer secure, tested implementations for typical scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `miden::standards` library provides several standard note scripts that implement common use cases for asset transfers and interactions. These pre-built note types offer secure, tested implementations for typical scenarios.
```
